README.md, before:

# Growthcraft Trapper for Minecraft (Forge)

Growthcraft Trapper provides a means to trap various creatures to the game of Minecraft. 

[Growthcraft Master Roadmap](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/growthcraft-6043ce571b094900102f4ca6/board)

Curse Forge 
* [Growthcraft Trapper](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/growthcraft-trapper)

Mineraft 1.18.2
* [Code Repository](https://github.com/GrowthcraftCE/Growthcraft-Trapper/tree/1.18)

Minecraft 1.16.5
* [Code Repository](https://github.com/GrowthcraftCE/Growthcraft-Trapper/tree/1.16)

Minecraft 1.15.2
* [Code Repository](https://github.com/GrowthcraftCE/Growthcraft-Trapper/tree/1.15)

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to the kitchen sink decoration mod, open up a GitHub issue and describe what you are working on. This way we will not be duplicating efforts. If possible, always add to both the 1.15 and 1.16 reposiories. If you have any questions, reach out to us on [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/333690296334548994/333690296334548994)

Commit message:

Added initial Fishtrap block port to 1.18

README.md, after:

![Growthcraft Trapper](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GrowthcraftCE/Growthcraft-Trapper/1.16/src/main/resources/growthcraft_fishtrap_logo.png)

# Growthcraft Trapper 7 for Minecraft 1.18 (Forge)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Growthcraft-7.0.0-orange.svg)](https://github.com/GrowthcraftCE/Growthcraft-Trapper)
[![](http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/versions/growthcraft-community-edition_latest.svg)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/growthcraft-community-edition/)
[![](http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/short_growthcraft-community-edition.svg)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/growthcraft-community-edition/)
[![Forge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft%20Forge-40.1.0-yellow.svg)](http://files.minecraftforge.net/maven/net/minecraftforge/forge/index_1.18.2.html)

[![Build](https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Factions-badge.atrox.dev%2FGrowthcraftCE%2FGrowthcraft-Trapper%2Fbadge%3Fref%3D1.18&style=flat)](https://actions-badge.atrox.dev/GrowthcraftCE/Growthcraft-Trapper/goto?ref=1.16)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/333690296334548994.svg?color=green)](https://discord.gg/Quh76Jn)

Welcome to Growthcraft Trapper. This Minecraft mod adds the skill of trapping to the game. This was originally included in the Growthcraft series, however, do to requests we have moved it its own stand alone mod. This will also allow us to be able to maintain and update it quicker. It all started with a simple over-powered block called the Fishtrap. Now that it is its own mod, we are extending it to more than just fish.

## Getting Started

To Be Written

## History

### Growthcraft Trapper 7 (Minecraft 1.18.2)
End of Support: TBD  
Latest Version: 7.0.0  
Stable Version: 7.0.0  

### Growthcraft Trapper 6 (Minecraft 1.16.5)
End of Support: TBD  
Latest Version: 6.0.0  
Stable Version: 6.0.0
